README.md, before:


[![Build Status](https://github.com/felipeZ/eigenvalues/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/felipeZ/eigenvalues/actions)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![crates.io badge](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/eigenvalues.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/eigenvalues)<br/>

Eigenvalue Decomposition
========================
This package contains some implementations for computing the eigenvalues/eigenvectors of a symmetric matrix,
implemented in [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/).

Available Algorithms:
 * **Davidson** using either  Diagonal-Preconditioned-Residue (**DPR**) or Generalized Jacobi Davidson (**GJD**).


### Note:
The Davidson method is suitable for **diagonal-dominant symmetric matrices** that are quite common
in certain scientific problems like [electronic structure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electronic_structure). The Davidson method could be not practical
for other kind of symmetric matrices.

Commit message:

Davidson method requires a SpectrumTarget enum arg #6

README.md, after:


[![Build Status](https://github.com/felipeZ/eigenvalues/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/felipeZ/eigenvalues/actions)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![crates.io badge](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/eigenvalues.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/eigenvalues)<br/>

Eigenvalue Decomposition
========================
This package contains some iterative algorithms for computing the eigenvalues/eigenvectors of a symmetric matrix, implemented in [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/).

Available Algorithms:
 * **Davidson** using either  Diagonal-Preconditioned-Residue (**DPR**) or Generalized Jacobi Davidson (**GJD**). See [Davidson Diagonalization Method](https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/DAVIDSON-DIAGONALIZATION-METHOD-AND-ITS-APPLICATION-Liao/5811eaf768d1a006f505dfe24f329874a679ba59)


### Note:
The Davidson method is suitable for **diagonal-dominant symmetric matrices** that are quite common
in certain scientific problems like [electronic structure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electronic_structure). The Davidson method could be not practical
for other kind of symmetric matrices.
